 
 = Robert Boulter = 
 
 Robert Boulter is an English film , television and theatre actor . He had a guest @-@ starring role on the television series The Bill in 2000 . This was followed by a starring role in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens , which was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre . He had a guest role in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002 . In 2004 Boulter landed a role as " Craig " in the episode " Teddy 's Story " of the television series The Long Firm ; he starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi . He was cast in the 2005 theatre productions of the Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur , which was performed at the Drum Theatre in Plymouth and the Menier Chocolate Factory in London . He was directed by John Tiffany and starred alongside Ben Whishaw , Shane Zaza , Harry Kent , Fraser Ayres , Sophie Stanton and Dominic Hall . 
 In 2006 , Boulter starred alongside Whishaw in the play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill . He appeared on a 2006 episode of the television series , Doctors , followed by a role in the 2007 theatre production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke . How to Curse was performed at Bush Theatre in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham . Boulter starred in two films in 2008 , Daylight Robbery by filmmaker Paris Leonti , and Donkey Punch directed by Olly Blackburn . In May 2008 , Boulter made a guest appearance on a two @-@ part episode arc of the television series Waking the Dead , followed by an appearance on the television series Survivors in November 2008 . He had a recurring role in ten episodes of the television series Casualty in 2010 , as " Kieron Fletcher " . Boulter starred in the 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris Leonti . 
 
 = = Career = = 
 
 
 = = = 2000 – 2005 = = = 
 
 In 2000 Boulter had a guest @-@ starring role on the television series The Bill ; he portrayed " Scott Parry " in the episode , " In Safe Hands " . Boulter starred as " Scott " in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens , which was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre . A review of Boulter 's performance in The Independent on Sunday described him as " horribly menacing " in the role , and he received critical reviews in The Herald , and Evening Standard . He appeared in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002 as " Addem Armitage " in the episode " Political Expediency " , and had a role as a different character " Toby Steele " on The Bill . 
 He had a recurring role in 2003 on two episodes of The Bill , as character " Connor Price " . In 2004 Boulter landed a role as " Craig " in the episode " Teddy 's Story " of the television series The Long Firm ; he starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi . Boulter starred as " Darren " , in the 2005 theatre productions of the Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur . It was performed at the Drum Theatre in Plymouth , and the Menier Chocolate Factory in London . He was directed by John Tiffany and starred alongside Ben Whishaw , Shane Zaza , Harry Kent , Fraser Ayres , Sophie Stanton and Dominic Hall . Boulter received a favorable review in The Daily Telegraph : " The acting is shatteringly intense , with wired performances from Ben Whishaw ( now unrecognisable from his performance as Trevor Nunn 's Hamlet ) , Robert Boulter , Shane Zaza and Fraser Ayres . " The Guardian noted , " Ben Whishaw and Robert Boulter offer tenderness amid the savagery . " 
 
 = = = 2006 – present = = = 
 
 In 2006 Boulter starred in the play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill . The play was part of a series which featured different playwrights , titled Burn / Chatroom / Citizenship . In a 2006 interview , fellow actor Ben Whishaw identified Boulter as one of his favorite co @-@ stars : " I loved working with a guy called Robert Boulter , who was in the triple bill of Burn , Chatroom and Citizenship at the National . He played my brother in Mercury Fur . " He portrayed " Jason Tyler " on the 2006 episode of the television series , Doctors , titled " Something I Ate " . Boulter starred as " William " in the 2007 production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke . How to Curse was performed at Bush Theatre in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham . In a review of the production for The Daily Telegraph , theatre critic Charles Spencer noted , " Robert Boulter brings a touching vulnerability to the stage as William . " 
 Boulter starred in two films in 2008 , Daylight Robbery by filmmaker Paris Leonti , and Donkey Punch directed by Olly Blackburn . Boulter portrayed a character named " Sean " in Donkey Punch , who tags along with character " Josh " as the " quiet brother ... who hits it off with Tammi " . Boulter guest starred on a two @-@ part episode arc " Wounds " in May 2008 of the television series Waking the Dead as character " Jimmy Dearden " . He appeared on the television series Survivors as " Neil " in November 2008 . He had a recurring role in ten episodes of the television series Casualty in 2010 , as " Kieron Fletcher " . He portrayed an emergency physician applying for a medical fellowship . He commented on the inherent difficulties in portraying a physician on television : " Playing a doctor is a strange experience . Pretending you know what you 're talking about when you don 't is very bizarre but there are advisers on set who are fantastic at taking you through procedures and giving you the confidence to stand there and look like you know what you 're doing . " Boulter starred in the 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris Leonti . 
 
 = = Filmography = = 
 
 
 = = = Film = = = 
 
 
 = = = Television = = = 
 
 
 = = = Theatre = = = 
 
 
 
 = Du Fu = 
 
 Du Fu ( Wade – Giles : Tu Fu ; Chinese : 杜甫 ; 712 – 770 ) was a prominent Chinese poet of the Tang dynasty . Along with Li Bai ( Li Po ) , he is frequently called the greatest of the Chinese poets . His greatest ambition was to serve his country as a successful civil servant , but he proved unable to make the necessary accommodations . His life , like the whole country , was devastated by the An Lushan Rebellion of 755 , and his last 15 years were a time of almost constant unrest . 
 Although initially he was little @-@ known to other writers , his works came to be hugely influential in both Chinese and Japanese literary culture . Of his poetic writing , nearly fifteen hundred poems have been preserved over the ages . He has been called the " Poet @-@ Historian " and the " Poet @-@ Sage " by Chinese critics , while the range of his work has allowed him to be introduced to Western readers as " the Chinese Virgil , Horace , Ovid , Shakespeare , Milton , Burns , Wordsworth , Béranger , Hugo or Baudelaire " . 
 
 = = Life = = 
 
 Traditional Chinese literary criticism emphasized the life of the author when interpreting a work , a practice which Burton Watson attributes to " the close links that traditional Chinese thought posits between art and morality " . Since many of Du Fu 's poems feature morality and history , this practice is particularly important . Another reason , identified by the Chinese historian William Hung , is that Chinese poems are typically concise , omitting context that might be relevant , but which an informed contemporary could be assumed to know . For modern Western readers , " The less accurately we know the time , the place and the circumstances in the background , the more liable we are to imagine it incorrectly , and the result will be that we either misunderstand the poem or fail to understand it altogether " . Stephen Owen suggests a third factor particular to Du Fu , arguing that the variety of the poet 's work required consideration of his whole life , rather than the " reductive " categorizations used for more limited poets . 
 
 = = = Early years = = = 
 
 Most of what is known of Du Fu 's life comes from his poems . His paternal grandfather was Du Shenyan , a noted politician and poet during the reign of Empress Wu . Du Fu was born in 712 ; the exact birthplace is unknown , except that it was near Luoyang , Henan province ( Gong county is a favourite candidate ) . In later life , he considered himself to belong to the capital city of Chang 'an , ancestral hometown of the Du family . 
 Du Fu 's mother died shortly after he was born , and he was partially raised by his aunt . He had an elder brother , who died young . He also had three half brothers and one half sister , to whom he frequently refers in his poems , although he never mentions his stepmother . 
 The son of a minor scholar @-@ official , his youth was spent on the standard education of a future civil servant : study and memorisation of the Confucian classics of philosophy , history and poetry . He later claimed to have produced creditable poems by his early teens , but these have been lost . 
 In the early 730s , he travelled in the Jiangsu / Zhejiang area ; his earliest surviving poem , describing a poetry contest , is thought to date from the end of this period , around 735 . In that year , he took the civil service exam , likely in Chang 'an . He failed , to his surprise and that of centuries of later critics . Hung concludes that he probably failed because his prose style at the time was too dense and obscure , while Chou suggests his failure to cultivate connections in the capital may have been to blame . After this failure , he went back to traveling , this time around Shandong and Hebei . 
 His father died around 740 . Du Fu would have been allowed to enter the civil service because of his father 's rank , but he is thought to have given up the privilege in favour of one of his half brothers . He spent the next four years living in the Luoyang area , fulfilling his duties in domestic affairs . 
 In the autumn of 744 , he met Li Bai ( Li Po ) for the first time , and the two poets formed a friendship . David Young describes this as " the most significant formative element in Du Fu 's artistic development " because it gave him a living example of the reclusive poet @-@ scholar life to which he was attracted after his failure in the civil service exam . The relationship was somewhat one @-@ sided , however . Du Fu was by some years the younger , while Li Bai was already a poetic star . We have twelve poems to or about Li Bai from the younger poet , but only one in the other direction . They met again only once , in 745 . 
 In 746 , he moved to the capital in an attempt to resurrect his official career . He took the civil service exam a second time during the following year , but all the candidates were failed by the prime minister ( apparently in order to prevent the emergence of possible rivals ) . He never again attempted the examinations , instead petitioning the emperor directly in 751 , 754 and probably again in 755 . He married around 752 , and by 757 the couple had had five children — three sons and two daughters — but one of the sons died in infancy in 755 . From 754 he began to have lung problems ( probably asthma ) , the first of a series of ailments which dogged him for the rest of his life . It was in that year that Du Fu was forced to move his family due to the turmoil of a famine brought about by massive floods in the region . 
 In 755 , he received an appointment as Registrar of the Right Commandant 's office of the Crown Prince 's Palace . Although this was a minor post , in normal times it would have been at least the start of an official career . Even before he had begun work , however , the position was swept away by events . 
 
 = = = War = = = 
 
 The An Lushan Rebellion began in December 755 , and was not completely suppressed for almost eight years . It caused enormous disruption to Chinese society : the census of 754 recorded 52 @.@ 9 million people , but ten years later , the census counted just 16 @.@ 9 million , the remainder having been displaced or killed . During this time , Du Fu led a largely itinerant life unsettled by wars , associated famines and imperial displeasure . This period of unhappiness was the making of Du Fu as a poet : Even Shan Chou has written that , " What he saw around him — the lives of his family , neighbors , and strangers – what he heard , and what he hoped for or feared from the progress of various campaigns — these became the enduring themes of his poetry " . Even when he learned of the death of his youngest child , he turned to the suffering of others in his poetry instead of dwelling upon his own misfortunes . Du Fu wrote : 
 Brooding on what I have lived through , if even I know such suffering , the common man must surely be rattled by the winds . 
 In 756 , Emperor Xuanzong was forced to flee the capital and abdicate . Du Fu , who had been away from the city , took his family to a place of safety and attempted to join the court of the new emperor ( Suzong ) , but he was captured by the rebels and taken to Chang 'an . In the autumn , his youngest son , Du Zongwu ( Baby Bear ) , was born . Around this time Du Fu is thought to have contracted malaria . 
 He escaped from Chang 'an the following year , and was appointed Reminder when he rejoined the court in May 757 . This post gave access to the emperor but was largely ceremonial . Du Fu 's conscientiousness compelled him to try to make use of it : he caused trouble for himself by protesting the removal of his friend and patron Fang Guan on a petty charge . He was arrested but was pardoned in June . He was granted leave to visit his family in September , but he soon rejoined the court and on December 8 , 757 , he returned to Chang 'an with the emperor following its recapture by government forces . However , his advice continued to be unappreciated , and in the summer of 758 he was demoted to a post as Commissioner of Education in Huazhou . The position was not to his taste : in one poem , he wrote : 
 I am about to scream madly in the office / Especially when they bring more papers to pile higher on my desk . 
 He moved on in the summer of 759 ; this has traditionally been ascribed to famine , but Hung believes that frustration is a more likely reason . He next spent around six weeks in Qinzhou ( now Tianshui , Gansu province ) , where he wrote more than sixty poems . 
 
 = = = Chengdu = = = 
 
 In December 759 , he briefly stayed in Tonggu ( modern Gansu ) . He departed on December 24 for Chengdu ( Sichuan province ) , where he was hosted by local Prefect and fellow poet Pei Di . Du subsequently based himself in Sichuan for most of the next five years . By the autumn of that year he was in financial trouble , and sent poems begging help to various acquaintances . He was relieved by Yan Wu , a friend and former colleague who was appointed governor general at Chengdu . Despite his financial problems , this was one of the happiest and most peaceful periods of his life . Many of Du 's poems from this period are peaceful depictions of his life at " thatched hut " . In 762 , he left the city to escape a rebellion , but he returned in summer 764 when he was appointed an advisor to Yan , who was involved in campaigns against the Tibetan Empire . 
 
 = = = Last years = = = 
 
 Luoyang , the region of his birthplace , was recovered by government forces in the winter of 762 , and in the spring of 765 Du Fu and his family sailed down the Yangtze , apparently with the intention of making their way there . They traveled slowly , held up by his ill @-@ health ( by this time he was suffering from poor eyesight , deafness and general old age in addition to his previous ailments ) . They stayed in Kuizhou ( in what is now Baidicheng , Chongqing ) at the entrance to the Three Gorges for almost two years from late spring 766 . This period was Du Fu 's last great poetic flowering , and here he wrote 400 poems in his dense , late style . In autumn 766 , Bo Maolin became governor of the region : he supported Du Fu financially and employed him as his unofficial secretary . 
 In March 768 , he began his journey again and got as far as Hunan province , where he died in Tanzhou ( now Changsha ) in November or December 770 , in his 58th year . He was survived by his wife and two sons , who remained in the area for some years at least . His last known descendant is a grandson who requested a grave inscription for the poet from Yuan Zhen in 813 . 
 Hung summarises his life by concluding that , " He appeared to be a filial son , an affectionate father , a generous brother , a faithful husband , a loyal friend , a dutiful official , and a patriotic subject . " 
 Below is an example of one of Du Fu 's later works , To My Retired Friend Wei ( Chinese : 贈衛八處士 ) . Like many other poems in the Tang it featured the theme of a long parting between friends , which was often due to officials being frequently transferred to the provinces : 
 
 = = Works = = 
 
 Criticism of Du Fu 's works has focused on his strong sense of history , his moral engagement , and his technical excellence . 
 
 = = = History = = = 
 
 Since the Song dynasty , critics have called Du Fu the " poet historian " ( 詩史 shī shǐ ) . The most directly historical of his poems are those commenting on military tactics or the successes and failures of the government , or the poems of advice which he wrote to the emperor . Indirectly , he wrote about the effect of the times in which he lived on himself , and on the ordinary people of China . As Watson notes , this is information " of a kind seldom found in the officially compiled histories of the era " . 
 Du Fu 's political comments are based on emotion rather than calculation : his prescriptions have been paraphrased as , " Let us all be less selfish , let us all do what we are supposed to do " . Since his views were impossible to disagree with , his forcefully expressed truisms enabled his installation as the central figure of Chinese poetic history . 
 
 = = = Moral engagement = = = 
 
 A second favourite epithet of Chinese critics is that of " poet sage " ( 詩聖 shī shèng ) , a counterpart to the philosophical sage , Confucius . One of the earliest surviving works , The Song of the Wagons ( from around 750 ) , gives voice to the sufferings of a conscript soldier in the imperial army and a clear @-@ sighted consciousness of suffering . These concerns are continuously articulated in poems on the lives of both soldiers and civilians produced by Du Fu throughout his life . 
 Although Du Fu 's frequent references to his own difficulties can give the impression of an all @-@ consuming solipsism , Hawkes argues that his " famous compassion in fact includes himself , viewed quite objectively and almost as an afterthought " . He therefore " lends grandeur " to the wider picture by comparing it to " his own slightly comical triviality " . 
 Du Fu 's compassion , for himself and for others , was part of his general broadening of the scope of poetry : he devoted many works to topics which had previously been considered unsuitable for poetic treatment . Zhang Jie wrote that for Du Fu , " everything in this world is poetry " , Du wrote extensively on subjects such as domestic life , calligraphy , paintings , animals , and other poems . 
 
 = = = Technical excellence = = = 
 
 Du Fu 's work is notable above all for its range . Chinese critics traditionally used the term 集大成 ( jídàchéng- " complete symphony " ) , a reference to Mencius ' description of Confucius . Yuan Zhen was the first to note the breadth of Du Fu 's achievement , writing in 813 that his predecessor , " united in his work traits which previous men had displayed only singly " . He mastered all the forms of Chinese poetry : Chou says that in every form he " either made outstanding advances or contributed outstanding examples " . Furthermore , his poems use a wide range of registers , from the direct and colloquial to the allusive and self @-@ consciously literary . This variety is manifested even within individual works : Owen identifies the , " rapid stylistic and thematic shifts " in poems which enable the poet to represent different facets of a situation , while Chou uses the term " juxtaposition " as the major analytical tool in her work . Du Fu is noted for having written more on poetics and painting than any other writer of his time . He wrote eighteen poems on painting alone , more than any other Tang poet . Du Fu 's seemingly negative commentary on the prized horse paintings of Han Gan ignited a controversy that has persisted to the present day . 
 The tenor of his work changed as he developed his style and adapted to his surroundings ( " chameleon @-@ like " according to Watson ) : his earliest works are in a relatively derivative , courtly style , but he came into his own in the years of the rebellion . Owen comments on the " grim simplicity " of the Qinzhou poems , which mirrors the desert landscape ; the works from his Chengdu period are " light , often finely observed " ; while the poems from the late Kuizhou period have a " density and power of vision " . 
 Although he wrote in all poetic forms , Du Fu is best known for his lǜshi , a type of poem with strict constraints on form and content , for example : 
 About two thirds of Du Fu 's 1500 extant works are in this form , and he is generally considered to be its leading exponent . His best lǜshi use the parallelisms required by the form to add expressive content rather than as mere technical restrictions . Hawkes comments that , " it is amazing that Tu Fu is able to use so immensely stylized a form in so natural a manner " . 
 
 = = Influence = = 
 
 According to the Encyclopædia Britannica , Du Fu 's writings are considered by many literary critics to be among the greatest of all time , and it states " his dense , compressed language makes use of all the connotative overtones of a phrase and of all the intonational potentials of the individual word , qualities that no translation can ever reveal . " 
 In his lifetime and immediately following his death , Du Fu was not greatly appreciated . In part this can be attributed to his stylistic and formal innovations , some of which are still " considered extremely daring and bizarre by Chinese critics . " There are few contemporary references to him — only eleven poems from six writers — and these describe him in terms of affection , but not as a paragon of poetic or moral ideals . Du Fu is also poorly represented in contemporary anthologies of poetry . 
 However , as Hung notes , he " is the only Chinese poet whose influence grew with time " , and his works began to increase in popularity in the ninth century . Early positive comments came from Bai Juyi , who praised the moral sentiments of some of Du Fu 's works ( although he found these in only a small fraction of the poems ) , and from Han Yu , who wrote a piece defending Du Fu and Li Bai on aesthetic grounds from attacks made against them . Both these writers showed the influence of Du Fu in their own poetic work . By the beginning of the 10th century , Wei Zhuang constructed the first replica of his thatched cottage in Sichuan . 
 It was in the 11th century , during the Northern Song era that Du Fu 's reputation reached its peak . In this period a comprehensive re @-@ evaluation of earlier poets took place , in which Wang Wei , Li Bai and Du Fu came to be regarded as representing respectively the Buddhist , Daoist and Confucian strands of Chinese culture . At the same time , the development of Neo @-@ Confucianism ensured that Du Fu , as its poetic exemplar , occupied the paramount position . Su Shi famously expressed this reasoning when he wrote that Du Fu was " preeminent ... because ... through all his vicissitudes , he never for the space of a meal forgot his sovereign " . His influence was helped by his ability to reconcile apparent opposites : political conservatives were attracted by his loyalty to the established order , while political radicals embraced his concern for the poor . Literary conservatives could look to his technical mastery , while literary radicals were inspired by his innovations . Since the establishment of the People 's Republic of China , Du Fu 's loyalty to the state and concern for the poor have been interpreted as embryonic nationalism and socialism , and he has been praised for his use of simple , " people 's language " . 
 Du Fu 's popularity grew to such an extent that it is as hard to measure his influence as that of Shakespeare in England : it was hard for any Chinese poet not to be influenced by him . While there was never another Du Fu , individual poets followed in the traditions of specific aspects of his work : Bai Juyi 's concern for the poor , Lu You 's patriotism , and Mei Yaochen 's reflections on the quotidian are a few examples . More broadly , Du Fu 's work in transforming the lǜshi from mere word play into " a vehicle for serious poetic utterance " set the stage for every subsequent writer in the genre . 
 In the 20th century , he was the favourite poet of Kenneth Rexroth , who has described him as " the greatest non @-@ epic , non @-@ dramatic poet who has survived in any language " , and commented that , " he has made me a better man , as a moral agent and as a perceiving organism " . 
 
 = = = Influence on Japanese literature = = = 
 
 Du Fu 's poetry has made a profound impact on Japanese literature , especially on the literature from the Muromachi period and on scholars and poets in the Edo period , including Matsuo Bashō , the very greatest of all haiku poets . Even in modern Japanese , the term Saint of Poetry ( 詩聖 , shisei ) is mostly synonymous with Du Fu . 
 Until the 13th century , the Japanese preferred Bai Juyi above all poets and there were few references to Du Fu , although his influence can be seen in some kanshi ( " Chinese poetry made by Japanese poets " ) anthologies such as Bunka Shūreishū in the 9th century . The first notable Japanese appreciator of Du Fu 's poetry was Kokan Shiren ( 1278 – 1346 ) , a Rinzai Zen patriarch and one of the most prominent authors of the literature of the Five Mountains ; he highly praised Du Fu and made a commentary on some poems of Du Fu from the perspective of a Zen priest in Vol . 11 of Saihokushū . His student Chūgan Engetsu composed many kanshi which were clearly stated " influenced by Du Fu " in their prefaces . Chūgan 's student Gidō Shūshin had close connection with the Court and Ashikaga Shogunate and propagated Du Fu 's poetry in the mundane world ; one day Nijō Yoshimoto , the Kampaku regent of the Court and the highest authority of renga poetry , asked Gidō , " Should I learn the poetry of Du Fu and Li Bai ? " Gidō dared to reply , " Yes if you do have enough capability . No if do not . " Since then , there had been many seminars on Du Fu 's poetry both in Zen temples and in the aristocratic society , and as a result his poetry was often cited in Japanese literature in the Muromachi period , e.g. , Taiheiki , a historical epic in the late 14th century , and some noh plays such as Hyakuman , Bashō , and Shunkan . 
 During the Kan 'ei era of the Edo period ( 1624 – 1643 ) , Shào Chuán ( 邵傳 ) of the Ming Dynasty 's Collective Commentary on Du Fu 's Lǜshi ( 杜律集解 , Toritsu Shikkai ) was imported into Japan , and it gained explosive popularity in Confucian scholars and chōnin ( townspeople ) class . The commentary established Du Fu 's fame as the highest of all poets ; for instance , Hayashi Shunsai , a notable Confucian scholar , commented in Vol . 37 of Gahō Bunshū that Zǐměi [ Du Fu ] was the very best poet in history and praised Shào Chuán 's commentary for its simplicity and readability , while he criticized old commentaries during the Yuan Dynasty were too unfathomable . Matsuo Bashō , the greatest haiku poet , was also strongly influenced by Du Fu ; in Oku no Hosomichi , his masterpiece , he cites the first two lines of A Spring View ( 春望 ) before a haiku as its introduction and also many of his other haiku have similar wording and themes . It is said that when he died in Osaka during a long travel , a copy of Du Fu 's poetry was found with him as one of a few precious items which he was able to carry around . 
 
 = = Translation = = 
 
 A variety of styles have been used in efforts to translate Du Fu 's work into English . As Burton Watson remarks in The Selected Poems of Du Fu , " There are many different ways to approach the problems involved in translating Du Fu , which is why we need as many different translations as possible " ( p. xxii ) . The translators have had to contend with bringing out the formal constraints of the original without sounding laboured to a Western ear ( particularly when translating regulated verse , or lǜshi ) , and accommodating the complex allusions contained particularly in the later works ( Hawkes writes that " his poems do not as a rule come through very well in translation " — p. ix ) . One extreme on each issue is represented by Kenneth Rexroth 's One Hundred Poems From the Chinese . His are free translations , which seek to conceal the parallelisms through enjambement and expansion and contraction of the content ; his responses to the allusions are firstly to omit most of these poems from his selection , and secondly to " translate out " the references in those works which he does select . 
 Other translators have placed much greater weight on trying to convey a sense of the poetic forms used by Du Fu . Vikram Seth in Three Chinese Poets uses English @-@ style rhyme schemes , whereas Keith Holyoak in Facing the Moon approximates the Chinese rhyme scheme ; both use end @-@ stopped lines and preserve some degree of parallelism . In The Selected Poems of Du Fu , Burton Watson follows the parallelisms quite strictly , persuading the western reader to adapt to the poems rather than vice versa . Similarly , he deals with the allusion of the later works by combining literal translation with extensive annotation . 
 In 2015 , Stephen Owen published translations , with facing Chinese texts , of the complete poetry of Du Fu in six volumes , with extensive scholarly apparatus , which emphasized literalness . 
 
 
 = Kiss You ( One Direction song ) = 
 
 " Kiss You " is a song recorded by English @-@ Irish boy band One Direction for their second studio album , Take Me Home ( 2012 ) . It was released as the record 's second single in Germany and the third overall single on 7 January 2013 . The song was composed by Kristoffer Fogelmark , Kristian Lundin , Albin Nedler , Savan Kotecha , Shellback and its producers , Carl Falk and Rami Yacoub . " Kiss You " is an upbeat power pop song with electronic effects ; the lyrics detail a protagonist 's infatuation with a significant other . Critics praised the song for its production , calling it a stand @-@ out track on Take Me Home . 
 The track became the group 's sixth top @-@ ten hit in Ireland and the United Kingdom , while attaining top @-@ forty positions in both Belgian territories ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , as well as in Australia , Canada , Denmark , France , New Zealand , and the Netherlands . The single peaked at number 46 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipments of 500 @,@ 000 copies . One Direction performed " Kiss You " on both the UK and US versions of The X Factor and 3 major concert tours : Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) , Where We Are Tour ( 2014 ) and On the Road Again Tour ( 2015 ) . 
 An accompanying music video , designed to display the group 's comedic timing , was directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously worked with the group on two other music videos . The clip depicts the band shooting various scenes via a green screen , which include sequences reminiscent of iconic music videos of songs such as the Beach Boys ' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley 's " Jailhouse Rock " and Rammstein 's " Mein Land " . The music video received 10 @.@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period and positive commentary from reviewers , who appreciated its carefree , jubilant nature . 
 The song was included in the dancing game Just Dance 2014 , and is also one of the select songs available on the demo version . Additionally , it is the final main track on the US edition of Now That 's What I Call Music ! 46 . 
 
 = = Background and release = = 
 
 " Kiss You " was written by Kristoffer Fogelmark , Kristian Lundin , Albin Nedler , Savan Kotecha , Shellback , and its producers , Carl Falk and Rami Yacoub . Falk , Kotecha , and Yacoub had collaboratively composed One Direction 's previous hit singles , " What Makes You Beautiful " , " One Thing " , and " Live While We 're Young " . In April 2012 , The Independent reported that Simon Cowell , the group 's manager , had challenged prominent songwriters to compete for space on One Direction 's second album . Falk said , " It 's important to get their personalities on the music . " In addition , the article reported that Syco Records was working on candidates that included Max Martin and Lundin . 
 " Kiss You " was chosen as the second US single and third international from their second studio album , Take Me Home . Liam Payne , a group member , in a November 2012 interview with MTV News , explained why they chose " Kiss You " as the album 's second single in the US . Payne was quoted as saying : " With the album , that 's the first one that we listened to and we were like , ' Yeah , we love this song ' " . According to a MTV News article , the number was released digitally in the United States on 17 November 2012 . By 18 January 2013 , the song had not been officially promoted to US radio stations . The track , however , was released by Sony Music Entertainment on 8 February 2013 , as the record 's second single in Germany . 
 
 = = Composition and reception = = 
 
 " Kiss You " is an uptempo , upbeat power pop song which runs for a duration of 3 : 04 ( 3 minutes , four seconds ) . The track features electronic effects , colossal hooks , a " na na na " breakdown , and a Motown @-@ tinged melody . One Direction 's vocal range in the song span from the note of E4 to C ♯ 6 . Instrumentation includes guitar strings , piano lines and vocals . Written in the key of E major , the beat is set in common time and moves at a quick 90 beats per minute , according to the digital sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing . Likewise , Matt Collar from Allmusic noted that the track is " frenetically hyper " . The lyrical content regards the protagonist 's infatuation with a significant other , and incorporates euphemisms for sexual intercourse in the lines " If you don ’ t wanna take it slow / And you just wanna take me home / Baby say yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . " 
 " Kiss You " was well received by contemporary music critics , who centred on its quality of production . Both Rolling Stone 's Jon Dolan , who praised its effectiveness , and Chris Payne of Billboard , who appreciated the melody , described " Kiss You " as one of the album 's highlights . Alexis Petridis for The Guardian commended the track 's chorus as " hard to dislodge from your brain " . Robert Copsey of Digital Spy noted the song 's possibility to become an international hit , applauding it sonically . A reviewer for MTV News described the track 's lyricism as " butterflies @-@ inducing " , and Sam Lansky of Idolator wrote that " Kiss You " is noticeably a stand @-@ out track on its parent album . Melinda Newman , writing for HitFix , regarded the song as " a bouncy , electronic infectious ditty , " while Chris Younie , a critic from 4Music , deemed it an " amazing pop song " , lauding the group 's falsetto and its " head @-@ banging anthemic " chorus . 
 
 = = Commercial performance = = 
 
 The single made its Irish Singles Chart debut at number 24 on the week ending 13 December 2012 . It peaked at number seven on the week ending 17 January 2013 , marking their sixth top ten appearance in Ireland . " Kiss You " entered at number 152 in the UK Singles Chart on 24 November 2012 . It peaked at number nine on the UK Singles Chart on 26 January 2013 , becoming One Direction 's sixth top ten hit in the United Kingdom . On the week ending 18 November 2012 , " Kiss You " debuted at number 90 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 due to digital download sales from its parent album . As a result of an " end @-@ of @-@ year download rush " on the week ending 30 December 2012 , the track re @-@ entered the Hot 100 at number 83 . After the accompanying music video was released , the song re @-@ entered the Hot 100 at number 65 . " Kiss You " had sold 207 @,@ 000 digital downloads in the US by 18 January 2013 . The single ultimately peaked at number 46 on the Hot 100 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) on 25 April 2013 , denoting shipments of 500 @,@ 000 copies . 
 The song became One Direction 's fourth top @-@ forty hit on the Canadian Hot 100 , peaking at number 30 . The single bowed at number 13 on the Australian Singles Chart on 27 January 2013 , marking its peak position and the group 's fourth top twenty hit in Australia . The song has been certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) for shipments of 70 @,@ 000 copies . The track entered the New Zealand Singles Chart at number 17 on 11 January 2013 . It peaked at number 13 in its third and fourth charting weeks , becominh the group 's sixth top @-@ forty appearance in New Zealand . " Kiss You " has received a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand ( RIANZ ) , indicating sales of 7 @,@ 500 copies . The track also reached the top 40 in both Belgian territories ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , as well as in the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , the Netherlands , and South Korea . In addition , " Kiss You " received gold certifications from the IFPI Norway and Denmark associations , signifying collective shipments of 20 @,@ 000 units . 
 
 = = Music video = = 
 
 The accompanying music video , directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously directed One Direction 's music videos for " Live While We 're Young " and " Little Things " , was designed to showcase the group 's comedic timing . Inspired by the Beach Boys , cult surfing films , old Hollywood , and British cinema , the music video incorporates " a technicolor vibe and a British kind of romp " , as noted by Arnell in a MTV News interview . 
 Shot by November 2012 , the music video was characterised , in several MTV News interviews , as " bigger than anything we 've done before " by Zayn Malik , as " a lot of hard work " by Payne , as " pure stupidity " by Louis Tomlinson , and as " I wouldn 't say [ it 's ] comedy , it 's all tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek " by Arnell . Premiering worldwide on Vevo on 7 January 2013 , the music video depicts the band shooting different scenes via a green screen , dressed as sailors , surfers , skiers and jailers . The video features scenes reminiscent of the films South Pacific , To Catch a Thief , Jailhouse Rock and Beach Blanket Bingo , as well as the iconic music videos of songs such as The Beach Boys ' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley 's " Blue Hawaii " and Rammstein 's " Mein Land " , among others . 
 The music video garnered 10 @.@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period , failing to attain the Vevo record held by Justin Bieber 's " Beauty and a Beat " music video ( 10 @.@ 6 million ) . Despite a 34 % gain in weekly activity to their Vevo channel , with the clip 's success and preceding teaser videos earning 38 million views during the week , One Direction held at number two on the Billboard 's Social 50 chart A 15 % rise in Facebook reaction gave way to a 154 @,@ 000 increase in Facebook likes during the week . 191 @,@ 000 Twitter followers added contributed to their overall fan base increase as well . 
 Melinda Newman , a contributor for HitFix , favoured the clip as having " everything a video by a boy band should be " and found group 's careless tone delightful . Rebecca Macatee of E ! Online praised its " intentionally cheesy and utterly adorable " sequences , and MTV News 's Jocelyn Vena described the clip as " conquering old Hollywood " . Molly Chance , writing for Zap2it , was convinced that upon watching the " adorable " music video , the viewer should have a hard time disliking the group . Mikael Wood , the critic for Los Angeles Times , commended the group for " having a genuinely great time " , rather than going through the motions . 
 
 = = Live performances = = 
 
 As part of its promotion , One Direction performed the song on televised programmes and during their worldwide Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) . One Direction performed the track on The Today Show at the Rockefeller Center on 13 November 2012 , to a record crowd estimated at 15 @,@ 000 . " Kiss You " was included in the set list of the group 's 3 December 2012 sold @-@ out show at New York City 's Madison Square Garden . One Direction delivered a performance of " Kiss You " , in front of a video game @-@ themed set , on the final of the ninth series of The X Factor UK on 10 December 2012 . According to the Daily Mail , their " energetic rendition " of " Kiss You " proved that the group have an elusive quality . On 12 December 2012 , the group also performed the number on the final of the second season of The X Factor USA . Considering One Direction the " franchise 's biggest success story " , an editor for The Huffington Post opined that the boy band 's prominent presence on both the US and UK versions of The X Factor seemed fitting . Not only Take Me Home Tour , they also performance in Where We Are Tour ( 2014 ) & On the Road Again Tour ( 2015 ) 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 CD single 
 " Kiss You " – 3 : 04 
 " Little Things " – 3 : 42 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Carl Falk — writing , production , programming , instruments , guitar , background vocals 
 Kristoffer Fogelmark — background vocals 
 Niall Horan — additional guitar 
 Savan Kotecha — writing , background vocals 
 Kristian Lundin — writing 
 Albin Nedler — writing , background vocals 
 Shellback — writing 
 Rami Yacoub — writing , production , programming , instruments , bass 
 Credits adapted from Take Me Home 's liner notes . 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 = = Certifications = = 
 
 
 = = Release history = = 
 
 
 
 = Ise @-@ class battleship = 
 
 The Ise @-@ class battleships ( 伊勢型戦艦 , Ise @-@ gata senkan ) were a pair of dreadnought battleships built for the Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) during World War I. Originally intended to be repeats of the preceding Fusō class , they were redesigned before construction began . Both ships carried supplies for the survivors of the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923 . They were modernized in 1934 – 37 with improvements to their armour and machinery and a rebuilt superstructure in the pagoda mast style . Afterwards they played a minor role in the Second Sino @-@ Japanese War . 
 Despite the expensive reconstructions , both vessels were considered obsolete by the eve of the Pacific War , and neither saw significant action in the early years of the war . Following the loss of most of the IJN 's large aircraft carriers during the Battle of Midway in mid @-@ 1942 , they were rebuilt with a flight deck replacing the rear pair of gun turrets to give them the ability to operate an air group of floatplanes . A lack of aircraft and qualified pilots , however , meant that they never actually operated their aircraft in combat . While awaiting their air group the sister ships were sometimes used to ferry troops and material to Japanese bases . They participated in the Battle of Cape Engaño in late 1944 , where they decoyed the American carrier fleet supporting the invasion of Leyte away from the landing beaches . Afterwards both ships were transferred to Southeast Asia ; in early 1945 they participated in Operation Kita , where they transported petrol and other strategic materials to Japan . The sisters were then reduced to reserve until they were sunk during American airstrikes in July . After the war they were scrapped in 1946 – 47 . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 The design of the Fusō @-@ class battleships was shaped both by the ongoing international naval arms race and a desire among Japanese naval planners to maintain a fleet of capital ships powerful enough to defeat the United States Navy in an encounter in Japanese territorial waters . The IJN 's fleet of battleships had proven highly successful in 1905 , the last year of the Russo @-@ Japanese War , which culminated in the destruction of the Russian Second and Third Pacific Squadrons at the Battle of Tsushima . 
 In the aftermath , the Japanese Empire immediately turned its focus to the two remaining rivals for imperial dominance in the Pacific Ocean : Britain and the United States . Satō Tetsutarō , a Japanese Navy admiral and military theorist , speculated that conflict would inevitably arise between Japan and at least one of its two main rivals . To that end , he called for the Japanese Navy to maintain a fleet with at least 70 % as many capital ships as the US Navy . This ratio , Satō theorized , would enable the Imperial Japanese Navy to defeat the US Navy in one major battle in Japanese waters in any eventual conflict . Accordingly , the 1907 Imperial Defence Policy called for the construction of a battle fleet of eight modern battleships , 20 @,@ 000 long tons ( 20 @,@ 321 t ) each , and eight modern armoured cruisers , 18 @,@ 000 long tons ( 18 @,@ 289 t ) each . This was the genesis of the Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program , the development of a cohesive battle line of sixteen capital ships . 
 The launch of HMS Dreadnought in 1906 by the Royal Navy raised the stakes , and complicated Japan 's plans . Displacing 17 @,@ 900 long tons ( 18 @,@ 200 t ) and armed with ten 12 @-@ inch ( 30 @.@ 5 cm ) guns , Dreadnought rendered all existing battleships obsolete by comparison . The launch of the battlecruiser HMS Invincible the following year was a further setback for Japan 's quest for parity . When the two new Satsuma @-@ class battleships and two Tsukuba @-@ class armoured cruisers , launched by 1911 , were outclassed by their British counterparts , the Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program was restarted . 
 The first battleships built for the renewed Eight @-@ Eight Fleet Program were the two dreadnoughts of the Kawachi class , ordered in 1907 and laid down in 1908 . In 1910 , the Navy put forward a request to the Diet ( parliament ) to secure funding for the entirety of the program at once . Because of economic constraints , only four battlecruisers and a single battleship of the Fusō class were ultimately approved by the Diet . Three more Fusō @-@ class ships ( Yamashiro , Ise , and Hyūga ) were approved and all three were ordered in April 1913 . While Yamashiro was laid down later that year , the IJN lacked the funding to proceed with the construction of Ise and Hyūga until the Diet authorized additional funding for the ships in July 1914 . 
 
 = = Design and description = = 
 
 The progress of Fusō 's construction , while the IJN waited for the funding to be released and foreign developments , caused the IJN to reassess the Fusō @-@ class design . The distribution of the midships gun turrets was the most obvious flaw as they complicated the protection of the midships magazine and exposed more of the ship to the blast effects of the guns when they fired . Another issue was that Japanese sailors had problems maintaining a high rate of fire with the 45 @.@ 36 @-@ kilogram ( 100 @.@ 0 lb ) shells used in the manually loaded 152 @-@ millimetre ( 6 in ) secondary guns used in the Fusō class and earlier designs . To resolve this issue , the IJN designed a smaller 140 @-@ millimetre ( 5 @.@ 5 in ) gun that offset its lighter shell weight with a higher rate of fire . It also decided that the barbette armour of the earlier ships was too thin and wanted a modest increase in speed to partially counter the higher speeds of the latest foreign ships like the British Queen Elizabeth @-@ class battleships and Russian Borodino @-@ class battlecruisers . For financial reasons more powerful engines could not be ordered so the new design was lengthened slightly and the boiler rooms enlarged to increase speed by 0 @.@ 5 knots ( 0 @.@ 93 km / h ; 0 @.@ 58 mph ) to 23 knots ( 43 km / h ; 26 mph ) . To save weight the forecastle deck was shortened so that the lower midships gun turret was lower than in the Fusō class . This reduced the crew 's accommodations despite a significant increase in the crew 's numbers and naval historian Fukui Shizuo believed that these ships had the worst habitability of any Japanese capital ship . The final design was designated A @-@ 92 by the IJN and differed enough from the A @-@ 64 design of the Fusō class that it was considered a separate class . 
 The ships had a length of 208 @.@ 18 metres ( 683 ft 0 in ) overall , a beam of 28 @.@ 65 metres ( 94 ft 0 in ) and a draught of 8 @.@ 93 metres ( 29 ft 4 in ) at deep load . They displaced 36 @,@ 500 long tons ( 37 @,@ 100 t ) at deep load , roughly 650 long tons ( 660 t ) more than the preceding class . Their crew consisted of 1 @,@ 360 officers and enlisted men . They had a metacentric height of 1 @.@ 737 metres ( 5 ft 8 @.@ 4 in ) at deep load . 
 During the ships ' modernization during the 1930s , their forward superstructures were enlarged with multiple platforms added to their tripod foremasts . Both ships were also given torpedo bulges to improve their underwater protection and to compensate for the weight of the additional armour . In addition , their sterns were lengthened by 7 @.@ 62 metres ( 25 @.@ 0 ft ) . These changes increased their overall length to 213 @.@ 8 metres ( 701 ft ) 